Skip to content
Chat history

You said:
my dating app is as follows: currency in app is likes, start with six and once you go below it grants one like every 20hs
to like someone costs 1 like
to send someone a one time message(not normal messaging) 5 likes
to accept someone who liked you(you can see who liked you) 1 like
if a match is made a user can chat freely with the other.
no other places consume likes 
1 like is R5.99
10 likes is R56.99 but it gives 1 free so 11 
20 likes is R114.99 but it gives 2 free so 22 
reports
standard report, get your in app score of how your performance in the app is, a rating out of 10 is given with popularity score, engagement score and community score - R229.99

Pro report, same as standard but extra detailed score breakdown and personalized improvement tips  - R284.99
Deluxe report - All the pro features, deep dive into every stat used to calculate score so you get a breakdown of the number of likes, dislikes, matches, reports, blocks, basically every aspect. -R459.99
with every report you get a Score badge that is created by Daaymn and encrypted and cant be copied and you can use my verification site which links to the database to check if that is an actual score or a fake one. basically it has potential to become a social standard to have. 
unlocks, you can only see 3 profiles on the discovery screen and have to like or dislike one of the three to see the next one in the queue, unlock 1 is infinite scroll, which lets you scroll discovery with no 3 profile block you can see the entire queue. R56.99
every profile has an online detector so if they are online it will show, unlock 2 is ghost mode, where you can toggle your online status on and off. R45.99
standard subscription -monthly 60 likes, standard report, all unlocks R459.99
pro subscription -monthly 120 likes, pro report, all unlocks R459.99
deluxe subscription -monthly 240 likes, deluxe report, all unlocks R459.99
i have end to end encryption
i have sight engine for profile pictures
I have a ML from google to verify accounts(optional to do, i might make it not optional but i need to see the pros and cons) 
i have freebies where you can watch 1 ad a day for 1 free like, one hour of scroll and 1 hour of ghost.
i have polls, where monthly i will load 3 options in the categories of the following - Promotions(Discounts of store items), App Upgrades(basically anything i think can improve the user experience) and Free items (every person that votes will receive the item most voted for)
1 person can vote once a month. the options change every month
there is reporting users, blocking users and unmatching.
i have a disliked section where if you run out of people you can review the ones you skipped, but if you dislike someone ten times they dissapear from your feed completely.
you can report bugs from the settings section. 

that is my apps basics for money and functions. I want to know how i compare in south africa against the other dating apps on all aspects, i need you to be very thorough in this as i will use it to amend my prices to be better but if its the same then i wont because i think the value states it all 

